Good morning, family. I'm excited to
be with you all again today. I have a
word for you all, but
these are just conversations
that I have with the Lord. I'm going to
get right to it; I don't want to waste
your time. I'm going to
talk to you about some things that the
Lord has talked to me about because I
was asking the Lord, 'Lord, what do you
have for your people? What do you want me
to talk about today with them?'And he
said, 'Brandon, just tell them what you
know.'I
go back and forth with it,
asking
what he wants me
to talk to his people about, and like I
said, he just said, 'Tell them what you
know.'Every
year I've noticed—this is one of
the conversations I had with
him—that
people
get colds and the flu a lot during the
winter
season. Viruses and things like that
seem
to be really rampant. I know
a lot of people are indoors
during
that
timeframe,
but I was just curious about it,
asking questions: 'How do you keep
yourself healthy? How do you keep
yourself from getting the flu and all
these other
things?'He
told me,
'Brandon, people are indoors more and
more, behind
desk jobs and things like that.
They're in the house; they're not out
active in the summer
getting their D3 levels
up.'He
said to me—and this is for me and my
house; I am not giving medical advice
here, you need to ask your doctor for
your health
because
everybody's different. Everybody
has a different blood chemistry
and
a different chemistry
in their body altogether. I'm just
telling you what he told me to do for my
family
so you can pray about it,
go to your doctor, and ask them what
you need for your body. Have
them check your D3 levels. Whenever the
Lord spoke to me about this, I went
and
had my D3 levels checked—my wife,
all of us—to see where we were because I
was curious about it. After the
Lord speaks to you, I follow up and get
knowledge about what he's talking about
instead of just
making sure it's not your
flesh. We all
hear in part and see in part, and
sometimes we can miss it. So
I go out and I test it, and I say,
'Lord, I want to make sure I'm
hearing you
correctly,'because
we're all
human, we're all a work in progress, and
we're all striving to get better and
better. I'm not going to say every
time I hear him that it's always
God, because I've missed it. I
just say, 'Lord, we're all
doing the best we can.'I went
and tested
my
blood levels, and my levels were really,
really low at the time.
The doctor said, 'You
can increase it by taking some
D3.'Well,
it went along identically
with what the Lord said. He told me
personally for my kids, by the month of
October every single year, to start
taking 10,000 IUS of D3 and K2. Now, the
K2 is just what usually comes with the
vitamin that's already there. You
get it at a health food
store or you can get it on Amazon. There
are
a lot of places that sell
D3/K2
combo mixes, but we take 10,000
IUs
every single day through October,
November, December, January, and February,
and we get our levels pretty high. For
us, that
is above 60.
Like I said, you ask the doctor what's
best for you and your health and go
with that, but I'm just telling you what
we do. I've talked to my doctor, and
the doctor said it was good for us.
The Lord was
showing me that this was a big deal
concerning the flu virus and
to
take
care of your body this way. I'm just
trying to tell you all little things
that the Lord has spoken to me about
along the way. Now, I found a Doctor
Garland, and I believe he's in
Colorado Springs. I'll reach out
to him and ask if he'd like to be
on our show. He is a naturopathic doctor. He
is
not an MD, but he is a
naturopathic
doctor, and he talks a lot
on other shows; I've heard
him on other YouTube channels. He is
brilliant; he did a lot of
medicine overseas—a lot of natural
stuff from the earth, greens, and
things like that.
'AskDrGarland.com'is
what his
website was that I remember. I
used to get his stuff all the time, too.
He had shark liver oil and all kinds
of really cool products that he was
selling
on there—keeping your
iodine levels up, good for your thyroid. There
is
all kinds of amazing stuff. I'm
really into health
and
things in the earth that the
Lord has provided for us. He
gave us all these amazing herbs,
greens, and grasses
to help us with our
bodies. Another thing: I
have been interceding for this lady. I
don't know who you are, but if you're
watching this right now and you've not
passed on to be with the Lord yet,
this is
heavy.
The Lord was talking to me about the
Christmas
season, and
he said, 'Brandon, I really want my
people to enjoy this season right now
with family. There are not very
many more of them
left.'He
said, 'My son
is coming,'and he was warning me.
This
dispensation
of time is coming to an
end.
It was beautiful the
way he said it because I saw it for a
glimpse through his eyes—the way he sees
us during these times with family
through what we celebrate in America as
Thanksgiving, the Christmas
season, and
the beginning of the New
Year.
There is beauty in family time.
This dispensation of time is coming
to an
end,
and
we're about to
enter into the
thousand-year
reign. That
timeframe
is going to be different than what
we've ever seen before. It won't be like
this, so we need to
embrace life more. He was saying,
'Brandon, I want you to enjoy life. I want
you to enjoy your kids
and
enjoy family more, to
embrace it because it's
beautiful.'All
of a sudden, I
was just interceding,
and I saw this lady. She was laying
in bed and she was grabbing the side of
her
bed, fighting to stay
alive. She was at the end of her life.
This woman was probably in her 90s,
but she regretted every year
prior—all
the years
coming to the end
in
total dread, thinking, 'I didn't do what
I wanted to do. I didn't live the way I
wanted to live. I wish I could have
done things differently. I wish I would
have raised my kids
differently.'She
had so many regrets.
I believe this woman really exists
because
she was fighting to stay alive,
gripping the sides of her sheets
because her body was trying to slip
over into eternity, but
she was fighting it. She did not want to
die because she didn't have full
confidence that she was going to make it
to heaven. She didn't believe that Jesus
had forgiven
her when she confessed her sins.
The Bible says, 'If you confess
your sins, he is faithful and just to
forgive you of your sins and
cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.'She
did not have
total confidence in what she
had said out of her mouth because of
how bad her past was. She was at the
end of her life, clinging to the side of
a bed, trying to fight death because she
was so scared
and
tormented by
it.
She did not have confidence
that Jesus Christ had forgiven her.
She wrestled with
this a lot, and that's why she was
fighting in that bed.
The Lord showed me
her children. She had three beautiful
children, and she had not raised
them in a God-fearing home.
She was worried about leaving this
earth because she wanted to be a better
mother to them and show them that Jesus
is real,
trying
to get them out of
the grasp of hell
that she raised them in.
It
was heartbreaking. As an intercessor, I
wept over this for two
days, praying for this woman because I
could see her in the spirit every time I
went before the Father, holding
onto
sheets. She was dying in bed, fighting
with everything she could because she
didn't want to let go.
It's appointed unto man once to die.
All of us are going to die. Jesus is
coming, yes, but there's an elderly
generation right now...
we all know
everybody's appointed to die.
If Jesus tarries
and
doesn't come back in the next 20 or 30
years,
there's going to be a lot of people who go
to
the
graveside. But
there can be an assurance,
peace, and joy in going home to be
with
him. I was sitting right where I'm at
now, interceding for that
lady, and
I dozed off.
I felt peace as I left
my body. God gave me a dream where
I had
passed away,
and I felt peace.
To be absent from the
body is to be present with the Lord.
There is no fear in death when you are a
believer and you have Jesus Christ as
your Lord and Savior.
I was interceding for
this woman and the Lord put
her
on my
heart.
All of a sudden,
I just dozed
off and I felt it: death is
peaceful. I know it was just
a dream, but I believe my dreams
are spiritual. I've never
tasted death,
but in my spirit, what I felt right
then was not fearful; there was peace,
joy, and love.
If you ponder on
death a lot, it
can
bring some
fear,
but
the Bible
says there is a generation that will not
taste death. Jesus told me,
'Brandon,
your generation—this generation—you will
not.'There
will be a rapture of the
church, a catching away of
my people. You are not
appointed
unto
wrath.
I
believe with all my heart that Jesus is
coming soon.
As the
world turns every day, there are people
going into eternity all the time.
After I saw that woman being so
tormented by the spirit of death, so
afraid of the decisions that she made
for the last
90 years...
she looked real
elderly to
me, with
gray hair and
a
wrinkly face,
holding onto that
bed. Is your heart right with
Jesus? If you die today, are you going to
an
eternity of fire, or are you going to
eternity of
paradise? Eternity is
forever.
Are you
really ready? Is this the last Christmas
season that you're going to
experience?
You may wake up
tomorrow and be with him in
paradise forever, or you could be in a
devil's hell
forever. Hell was
made for the fallen angels and the
devil. You choose hell
by rejecting
Jesus. Jesus paid the price for you. You
don't have to die and go to hell. You can
train up a child in the way he should go,
and when he gets older, he'll not
depart from it. I believe if your
children are wayward,
God can turn
them
around in just a
moment.
They can have a dream
or
an encounter with an angel.
He's faithful, and he loves you.
I really believe with all my heart
somebody needs to hear this today:
Jesus loves you and he has a plan
for your life.
When I saw that woman tormented, I
interceded for her, and the
Lord
brought it up in my heart: 'This
dispensation of time is coming to an end.
The dispensation of grace is coming to
an end. We're
getting ready to go into
the
tribulation.'There's
a
seven-year
tribulation
coming, and we're going to step over into
that soon. It
is
hell on earth, but it is not for you.
I had a neighbor
named
Barney. He was an elderly
gentleman, and he was walking outside.
The Lord said, 'I want you to go outside
and ask him if he's
born again and if he knows
me.'He
said, 'Brandon, he doesn't
know me, and if he dies tonight,
son, he's going to spend eternity in
hell.'So
I went over and said,
'Barney, I've known you for a long
time.'I
said, 'The Lord wants me to
ask you: do you know Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal
Savior?'He
said, 'No, I do not.
Nobody in any church is
ever going to want a hypocrite
like me.
Jesus doesn't want me.'I said, 'Barney,
Jesus told me to come and talk to
you and ask you to get born
again.'He
said, 'I don't want
anything
to do with religion.
I've lived a
very ornery life,
and nobody wants a hypocrite like me in
church.'I
just kept pursuing
him.
He said, 'I don't want to
talk about this.'He
was elderly,
so I just kind of... his son
was
looking at me like, 'Leave my dad
alone.'I
said, 'Well, Barney, I'm
sorry to hear you say that, but I'm going
to keep praying for
you.'Three
weeks later, Barney passed
away.
I
pray that in that
time he had an opportunity
to
reconsider.
As far as I know, Barney's in
hell, but just maybe
he accepted him.
I'm just
going to believe the best.
But from what I saw,
Barney went to
hell, and that bothered me a lot. When
he passed away, his
wife, Marie...
I used to witness to
her a little bit.
It's
so
important that you're a witness to your
neighbors and that you tell
them about Jesus.
None of us are promised tomorrow.
Have you
made Jesus your Lord and personal Savior?
Don't be like Barney and say
that you don't want a hypocrite
in
church. Your past doesn't matter.
You can confess your sins
and Jesus will forgive you right where
you
are.
In
eternity, Jesus will forgive you.
You need to just
ask him for forgiveness and forgive
yourself. The Bible
says he has a sea of
forgetfulness; he casts your sins into it
and remembers them
no more.
You've
got to
forgive those that have despitefully
wronged you.
I
have
to do that all the time.
The devil will try to
bring it to your mind.
I had memories about this
even a couple of days ago,
and
I
said,
'No, that's under the blood. I
refuse to be tormented by that
anymore.'Whenever
the devil reminds
you of
your past,
you remind him of his future. You
say, 'Hey, sucker, you're going to burn in
hell
forever.'Don't
be Barney.
Accept
Jesus as your Lord and Savior. I
pray Barney did, but I didn't see
fruit of it.
It's time for your salvation,
your healing,
and
your miracle.
Father, I just thank you
that every person
represented here today would
know you intimately. They have a
relationship with you
and
a knowing that Jesus paid the
price for their sins. They are healed
by his stripes and delivered.
I thank you
for every single person
represented here, that they don't have
to be afraid of
death. To be
absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord.
I
pray for a spirit of peace that
passes all understanding.
We bind the
spirit of torment in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that they will not
be tormented by death
or
satanic bondage.
I
want you to
repeat this prayer
after me: 'Jesus, come into
my
heart. Wash me and cleanse me from all my
sins. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. Father, I give my heart to you.
Jesus, come into me,
live in me, abide in me. I want to
make you my Lord and
personal
Savior. Jesus, I commit my life to
you.'For
God so loved the
world that he gave his only
begotten Son, that whosoever
believes
in him should not perish but
have
everlasting
life. You've got to believe
that
he died for you and rose again
on the third day.
It's
that quick and easy.
Look at the man on the
cross. He said,
'Will you remember
me?'and
Jesus said, 'Today you'll be with me in
paradise.'I
really appreciate
you watching. Put a
thumbs up and click that notification
bell. It really helps
get the
gospel out and
helps
people know more about Jesus.
We're almost to 90,000 subscribers,
close to 100,000.
That's my goal
for
this year.
Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you, and we love you. We
will see you next time.
Bye-bye.